{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Deloitte Interview Question:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Difference between comparable and comparator\
{\listtext	2.	}Explain exception handling in Java\
{\listtext	3.	}what do you do if you want to execute your code irrespective of the exception\
{\listtext	4.	}Java 8 features\
{\listtext	5.	}List the aws services used in your project\
{\listtext	6.	}Do you have idea on caching\
{\listtext	7.	}How do you connect to database\
{\listtext	8.	}Where do you give username and password for DB\
{\listtext	9.	}Explain event driven architecture\
{\listtext	10.	}What happens if a message is not processed by SQS for a long time\
{\listtext	11.	}Write a code using java 8 features to print the number whose cube is greater than 50 from a given list\
{\listtext	12.	}Write a code using java 8 features to print numbers starting with 1 from the given list\
{\listtext	13.	}What do you know about IAM\
{\listtext	14.	}API gateway response codes\
{\listtext	15.	}what will you do to reduce CPU spike due to too many DB hits\
{\listtext	16.	}what will you do to reduce costing in S3 bucket\
{\listtext	17.	}Do you know the lifecycle of S3 bucket object\
{\listtext	18.	}How does ECS contact RDS\
{\listtext	19.	}Explain SQS usage in your project\
{\listtext	20.	}List out the spring annotations used in your project\
{\listtext	21.	}How is Microservices architecture advantageous. why do you think its better.\
{\listtext	22.	}Explain how your projected implemented event driven architecture\
{\listtext	23.	}Explain where and why do you use Optional\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}